Use the original scale of the source image (#703)
SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift: CHANGELOG.md

  - Resolved an issue where `version` and `displayName` would return nil if localized.
- **UIImage**:
  - The size of rect can equal to the size of UIImage when using `cropped(to:)` to crop UIImage. [#679](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/679) by [dirtmelon](https://github.com/dirtmelon).

>   - `scaled(toWidth:, with orientation:)` and `scaled(toHeight:, with orientation:)` will now keep the original scale of UIImage. [#703](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/703) by [ShannonChou](https://github.com/shannonchou)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `scaled(toWidth:opaque:)` and `scaled(toHeight:opaque:)` will now keep the original scale of UIImage. [#703](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/703) by [ShannonChou](https://github.com/shannonchou)
```

Author: done
